# July 17
## Index
1. [Summary](#summary)
1. [Problems Encountered](#problems-encountered)
1. [Things Learned](#things-learned)
	1. [Definitions](#definitions)
1. [Steps Taken](#steps-taken)

---

## Summary
I used the MMWAVESDK User Guide to learn how to debug the target using CCS. First, a target configuration file (.ccxml) needs to be creataed to connect to the device using the XDS110 USB debugger through JTAG (just connecting the USB cable from the target to the host). This configuration file can be used for all AWR1843 targets and projects in CCS.

Next, the CCS debug binary file is flashed onto the target using UniFlash. To connect the target to CCS, launch the target configuration file and then connect to either the Cortex R4 (MSS) or the DSP (C674x/DSS). After ensuring that the desired project has been built, the target configuration file has been launched, and the desired core has been connected, load the `.out` file from the project by selecting the menu options `Run -> Load -> Load Program`. Select the desired project and program file.

To run the project, press the `Resume` button. You can then notice the register values changing in the `Registers` view if you press the refresh button. Breakpoints can also be added to view the state of the registers at certain places in the program. 

---

## Problems Encountered
1. When attempting to flash a binary to the device, Uniflash gave error: "No such file or directory , open 'uniflash_temp.ccxml'".
	* Not sure how to actually fix it, but I just reinstalled UniFlash and it worked after that.
1. When attempting to try the demo visualizer in Chrome, it gave an error regarding TI Cloud Agent.
	* Again not sure how to actually fix it, but reinstalling did remove the error.

---

## Things Learned
### Definitions
1. Target Configuration File (.ccxml)
	* This file determines how the connection is made from CCS to the target device. It can be created directly through CCS. To connect to the target, launch this file and from there you can view the register values, connect to specific cores (Cortex R4/C674x), and debug the program.

---

## Steps Taken
1. Followed MMWAVESDK User Guide section 3.2.2 `CCS Development Mode` (pp. 8-9) to learn how to debug using CCS.
	1. EVM and CCS setup:
		1. Attempted to flash the CCS debug binary file onto the booster pack.
			1. Uniflash gave error: "No such file or directory , open 'uniflash_temp.ccxml'". Unsure of what the error meant.
			1. Restarted UniFlash multiple times and also attempted to flash the demo binary file onto device. Did not fix the problem.
			1. Reinstalled UniFlash. This fixed the problem. Unsure of what caused the issue.
			1. Flashed the demo binary and went to the online demo visualizer to verify that it worked.
				* This gave me an error with TI Cloud Agent when trying to set the serial COM port. Had to reinstall Cloud Agent.
				* After reinstalling, visualizer successfully recognized ports. Was able to use the demo again (this verifies that the UniFlash binary installation worked correctly).
			1. Went back to UniFlash to flash the CCS debug binary file. It was successful this time.
		1. Connected the device to CCS using JTAG (use section 4.4 to complete this). 
			1. Could not find information needed for emulation pack and device support package updates (sections 4.4.1 and 4.4.2). Determined that the newest version of CCS (currently 10.1.0.00010) has updated enough packages for our use.
			1. To create Target Configuration file for CCS (CCXML):
				1. Open 'Target Confiruations' view by selecting the menu option `Window -> Show View -> Target Configurations`.
				1. Right click on the window and select `New Target Configuration`.
				1. Name the new ccxml file. Click `Finish` (the User Guide does not tell you to click this, but it will bring up the next required window).
				1. In the `Connection` drop-down box, select `Texas Instruments XDS110 USB Debug Probe`. This is the debug connection from the device to the computer. The `Board or Device` selection will now be filtered.
				1. Select the AWR1843 in the box. Under the `Save Configuration` section to the right, click `Save`. This creates the ccxml file for the target device. The ccxml file should also be visible in the `Target Configurations` window.
			1. To connect the target to the host in CCS:
				1. Right click on the target configuration created in the previous step and select `Launch Selected Configuration`. The layout will change and new views will display. If the device is not connected or not turned on, CCS will show an error saying it couldn't find it. 
					* My debug probe firmware for the XDS 110 needed to be updated. If this is required, CCS will say so and provide an `Update` button to click and update the firmware. Then it will continue as previous.
				1. After connecting, the `Debug` window view should show two targets:
					* `Texas Instruments XDS110 USB Debug Probe_0/Cortex_R4_0` 
					* `Texas Instruments XDS110 USB Debug Probe_0/C674X_0`
				1. Right-clicking on either and selecting `Connect Target` will connect to the target device. 
					* The `Variables`, `Expressions`, and `Registers` windows will update with data from the target.
	1. Loading the Application:
		1. Ensure the SOP jumpers are in SOP mode 4 (functional position):
			* SOP0 - ON
			* SOP1 - OFF
			* SOP2 - OFF
		1. Power up the target and connect to the host.
		1. Launch the ccxml file (right click -> `Launch Selected Configuration`).
		1. If test requires MSS:
			1. Build the project before launching the configuration.
			1. Right click `Texas Instruments XDS110 USB Debug Probe_0/Cortex_R4_0` and select `Connect Target`.
			1. Select the menu option `Run -> Load -> Load Program`. Select `Browse Project`. Navigate to desired project (only MSS projects will be shown). The program will likely be under the `Debug` folder and will have the filetype `.out`. Select `OK`.
			1. Run the program by pressing `F8` or by pressing the `Resume` button on the toolbar (yellow bar + green triangle).
		1. If test requires DSS:
			1. Build the project before launching the configuration.
			1. Right click `Texas Instruments XDS110 USB Debug Probe_0/C674X_0` and select `Connect Target`.
			1. Select the menu option `Run -> Load -> Load Program`. Select `Browse Project`. Navigate to desired project (only DSS projects will be shown). The program will likely be under the `Debug` folder and will have the filetype `.out`. Select `OK`.
			1. Run the program by pressing `F8` or by pressing the `Resume` button on the toolbar (yellow bar + green triangle).