# August 17
## Index
1. [Problems Encountered](#problems-encountered)
1. [Steps Taken](#steps-taken)
	1. [Manually Change X, Y, and Z Values](#manually-change-x-y-and-z-values)
	1. [Learning How The Number of Objects is Calculated](#learning-how-the-number-of-objects-is-calculated)
	1. [Finding Which Subframes Are Defined](#finding-which-subframes-are-defined)
	1. [Adding Frame and Subframe to MSS Logging Output](#adding-frame-and-subframe-to-mss-logging-output)
	1. [DSS Data Path](#dss-data-path)
	1. [Parking Assist](#parking-assist)
	1. [Removing Grouping of Points](#removing-grouping-of-points)

---

## Problems Encountered
1. When selecting only USRR subframe (and removing MRR subframe), the MSS fails out after the first frame because the chirp interrupt flag is still high at the start of the next frame. 
	* SOLUTION: The `mrr_config_consts.h` file is not linked between the two projects. It must be edited separately for the changes to take effect on both ends.
	* After changing this, it correctly only outputs the USRR subframe information (verified with logging statements and the GUI).

---

## Steps Taken
### Manually Change X, Y, and Z Values
1. In the `populateOutputs()` function in `dss_data_path.c`, adjusted the detect object list section to set the x, y, and z values for each detected object to 1. 
	* Built, loaded, and ran the new program on the board.
	* Opened the GUI to see the results.
	* Detected objects were all located around 0.013m. Don't know how this correlates to an x/y/z value of 1, but it appears this did correctly edit it.
1. Undid the changes and re-built, loaded, and executed the reverted program to see if the changes were correct.
	* Objects were now located in different locations. 
	* Importance of these two observations: We now know where the object locations are being calculated and can use this to implement our detection algorithm.

### Learning How The Number of Objects is Calculated
1. Followed the `populateObjects()` function to trace where the argument's `detObj2D` attribute was populated.
	* Function is only called in the `MmwDemo_interFrameProcessing()` function.

### Finding Which Subframes Are Defined
1. Checked include links to find out which of the chirps are used for the lab. There is a medium range radar at 120m and 80m (MRR120, MRR80) and an ultra-short range radar at 20m and 30m (USRR20, USRR30).
	* Following the files in the `common/` directory, the chirps are included in the `mrr_config_consts.h` file.
	* For MRR, the 120m chirp is selected.
	* For USRR, the 30m chirp is selected.
1. We are only concerned with USRR, so I compared the differences between USRR20 and USRR30.
	* Comments were the same. However, both mention a 20m range, so I am under the assumption that they are different but the developer did not change the comments after copy-pasting and editing the configurations.
	* Different definitions (first is USRR20, second is USRR30):
		* **`PROFILE_USRR_DIGOUT_SAMPLERATE_VAL`**
			* 6222U
			* 12500U
		* **`PROFILE_USRR_FREQ_SLOPE_MHZ_PER_US`**
			* 42.0f
			* 56.25f
1. Removing MRR profile and only using USRR.
	1. In `mrr_config_consts.h`, commented out `SUBFRAME_CONF_MRR_USRR` define and uncommented `SUBFRAME_CONF_USRR` to enable only one subframe (USRR). 
	1. MSS sends one output log when sending data through UART, then fails on the next frame start.
		* Added logging statement at the end of MSS initialization task to print out the total number of subframes and the number of chirps in the USRR subframe (index 0).
		* From the logging statement, found that there were still 2 subframes being defined.
		* Found that the `mrr_config_consts.h` in the common folder is not actually shared between the MSS and DSS projects (pretty obvious looking back).
		* Selected only the `SUBFRAME_CONF_USRR` subframe for both projects and rebuilt and executed.
		* This works as expected and the GUI updates with only USRR information.

### Adding Frame and Subframe to MSS Logging Output
1. Changed logging output on MSS to display the subframe number.
	* This was done so that I could see which subframe was being sent through UART at what time.
	* Followed message sending protocol in DSS.
	* Found that the message is being sent through the `MmwDemo_mboxWrite()` function.
	* Message is being sent to the function from the `MRR_DSS_SendProcessOutputToMSS()` function.
	* At the end of this function, the `message.body.detObj.header.subFrameNumber` attribute of the message is set. 
	* This attribute can then be accessed on the MSS side of the mailbox message receive and added to the `System_printf` output function.
	* In the output, I set the beginning to be `%d-%d`. The first number is the frame number and the second is the subframe number.
		* Subframe 0 = MAX_VEL_ENH_PROCESSING (used for MRR)
		* Subframe 1 = POINT_CLOUD_PROCESSING (used for USRR)
		* Frame number is a counter that increments at the end of each frame (after both subframes).
		* The GUI takes the subframe number and decides on the plotting type based off of the value. 

### DSS Data Path
1. Went through the `MRR_DSS_mmWaveTask()` function in `dss_main.c`.
	* `MRR_DSS_mmWaveTask` is the main routine task for the DSS.
	* There is an infinite loop within that has three states:
		1. Processing frame start scenario.
			* Reset the frame start token so the state does not repeat.
			* Grab the data path object.
			* Increment the number of frames that have been started.
			* Verify that the previous frame has completed. If it has not, then the system will enter an error state and will cease operation.
		1. Processing frames after completion of chirps.
			* Set the frame processing token. This seems like it should be a semaphore-like object, however it doesn't appear to be used anywhere else to prevent access to a critical section. So I am unsure of its actual use.
			* Process the chirp through the `MmwDemo_processChirp()` function.
			* DSS waits until all chirps have completed.
			* Processing frames is done by calling the `MmwDemo_interFrameProcessing()` function.
			* Send the processed data to the logging buffer (this then sends the data to the MSS).
		1. Reading message from MSS passed through the Mailbox.
1. Went through the `MmwDemo_processChirp()` function in `dss_data_path.c`.
	* `MmwDemo_processChirp()` receives the data path object and the subframe index from `MRR_DSS_mmWaveTask` when processing a frame. 
	* The method processes the range data and modifies the destination address for the DMA. There's not a lot of comments or information in the method, so it is hard to understand what is really happening. 
	* To process the range data, it calls the `MmwDemo_interChirpProcessing()` method and sends the data path object, ping-pong ID, and subframe index.
	* The rest of the method concerns transferring data and setting the location for DMA data transfers. This is not terribly import (and also it is confusing, not well documented, and complex), so I've skipped it for now.
1. Went through the `MmwDemo_interChirpProcessing()` function in `dss_data_path.c`.
	* `MmwDemo_interChirpProcessing` is executed for each chirp after the ADC buffer is filled with the chirp samples. 
	* This method performs a FFT on the chirp results to get range data.
	* The DMA fetches the data from the ADC buffer.
	* I am not entirely sure what the `mmwavelib_windowing16x16` function does. I can not find documentation on it and CCS can not find the function declaration. From one of the three search results (the other two are useless), it appears the method may be multiplying a 16-bit complex vector with a 16-bit real windowing vector. I do not know what this means, however. It seems that this may be an intrinsic function on the C674x and we may not be able to reproduce the results.
	* The `DSP_fft16x16` function performs an FFT on the ADC input data. This is a very complex function that we most likely don't need to understand, so I have skipped it for now. It takes data from `obj -> adcDataIn` and places the output data in `obj -> fftOut1D` where `obj` is the data path object sent from `MmwDemo_processChirp` which is taken from `MRR_DSS_mmWaveTask`.
1. Went through the `MmwDemo_interFrameProcessing()` function in `dss_data_path.c`.
	* This function seems to be the most important in determining the final output data of the system.
	* ***SUMMARY HERE***
	* The first `for` loop and the following `if` statement (using 1D variables) are for calculating the objects detected in the doppler FFT. Because we do not care about moving objects, I have ignored these sections. However, the number of objects detected in this stage is transferred to the 2D range lines stage that occurs next. 
	* 2D Range Lines CFAR Detection
		* Data is retrieved using the DMA.
		* The `cfarCadB_SO_withSNR()` function is used to find range peaks among `numRangeBins` samples.

### Parking Assist
1. The parking assistance parameters are configured at the end of the `MmwDemo_populateUSRR()` function in `dss_main.c`. By default the number of bins is 32 and the max range is 20m. 
	* In the future, we must also configure the dbScan parameters for objects that more closely resemble a tread block. Currently it is configured for car-like objects.

### Removing Grouping of Points
1. The output of the current code are singular dots representing objects. Our goal is to have more of a surface mapping. To do this, I went through the `MmwDemo_interFrameProcessing()` function in `dss_data_path.c` and found where the results were being pruned/grouped.
	* There are three locations where the detected objects are grouped:
		* `findandPopulateDetectedObjects()`
		* `cfarPeakGroupingAlongDoppler()`
		* `rangeBasedPruning()`
	* In an example run, the number of objects after each of these three functions is 21 -> 19 -> 3. So the majority of the grouping for stationary objects is done in `rangeBasedPruning()`
	* Simply commenting out any of the functions results in an error because they populate blocks of data that are used later.
	* To remedy this, we need to change the thresholds they use for grouping.
	* There is a low threshold USRR provided. This flag needs to be uncommented in the `mrr_config_consts.h` header file.
		* This gave back on average 8 points. However, the 5 new ones were way outside of the possible range (\~8 meters away when the wall is \~4 meters away).