# August 19
## Index
1. [Problems Encountered](#problems-encountered)
1. [Steps Taken](#steps-taken)
	1. [Installed Beam Steering Lab](#installed-beam-steering-lab)
	1. [Changing the Maximum Detection Distance](#changing-the-maximum-detection-instance)

---

## Problems Encountered
1. Rebuilding the MSS project leads to it freezing at 40% completion.
	* SOLUTION: Don't rename the projects. It breaks the references in the makefile. We could go through and change the references, but it's not worth it now.

---

## Steps Taken
### Installed Beam Steering Lab
1. Lab 11 from the Automotive Toolbox is a beamsteering lab. I added this to CCS. Note that the name of the projects added into CCS can not change from the default `mrr_18xx_dss` or `mrr_18xx_mss` or the references will break when trying to rebuild the projects.
	* There wasn't much of a difference in this lab.
	* Decided to go back to the MRR lab.

### Changing the Maximum Detection Distance
1. Maximum range is set for the `MmwDemo_DSS_DataPathObj` in the `MmwDemo_populateUSRR()` function that is called during the initialization in the `MRR_DSS_dssDataPathConfigPopulate()` function which is called from `main()`.
	* Changed the constant multiplier (0.9) to reduce the original value of 30 down to 1 (0.9 -> 0.03).
	* This allows me to view the log outputs and better understand what the system is correctly seeing versus the objects it "detects" 10+ meters away.
	* Value is calculated as `rangeResolution \times SUBFRAME_USRR_NUM_CMPLX_ADC_SAMPLES \times 0.03`.
		* **`rangeResolution`** - 0.0651041667. Set in the USRR 30 configuration file as `PROFILE_USRR_RANGE_RESOLUTION_METERS`. 
			* Calculated as `\frac{MMWDEMO_SPEED_OF_LIGHT_IN_METERS_PER_USEC \times PROFILE_USRR_DIGOUT_SAMPLERATE_VAL}{2000 \times PROFILE_USRR_FREQ_SLOPE_MHZ_PER_USEC \times SUBFRAME_USRR_NUM_CMPLX_ADC_SAMPLES}`
				* **`MMWDEMO_SPEED_OF_LIGHT_IN_METERS_PER_USEC`** - 3.0 \times 10^8.
				* **`PROFILE_USRR_DIGOUT_SAMPLERATE_VAL`** - 12,500.
				* **`PROFILE_USRR_FREQ_SLOPE_MHZ_PER_USEC`** - 56.25.
				* **`SUBFRAME_USRR_NUM_CMPLX_ADC_SAMPLES`** - 512.
		* **`SUBFRAME_USRR_NUM_CMPLX_ADC_SAMPLES`** - 512.
		* 0.03 is a value calculated to produce a final result of 1.0 meters.