# September 21
## Index
1. [Problems Encountered](#problems-encountered)
1. [Steps Taken](#steps-taken)
	1. [Setting up AWR1843BOOST and DCA1000EVM with mmWave Studio](#setting-up-awr1843boost-and-dca1000evm-with-mmwave-studio)

---

## Problems Encountered
1. 
---

## Steps Taken
### Setting up AWR1843BOOST and DCA1000EVM with mmWave Studio
1. Set SOP switch to SOP2 (SOP1 and SOP0 ON) -- debug mode
1. Attach the DCA1000EVM and AWR1843BOOST together.
	* Set the switch on the DCA to select `RADAR 5V IN`.
	* AWR1843BOOST receives the 5V DC power jack.
	* Connect a MicroUSB cable between the AWR1843BOOST and the host PC and between the DCA1000EVM on the RADAR FTDI connector (the top one) and the host PC.
	* Connect the ethernet cable from the DCA1000EVM to the host computer.
	* Connect the 60-pin Samtec connector between the AWR1843BOOST and the DCA1000EVM.
1. Set a static IPv4 address on the host computer
	* Open `Network & Internet settings`
	* Click `Change adapter options`
	* Right-click `Ethernet` and select `Properties`
	* Click on `Internet Protocol Version 4 (TCP/IPv4)` and select `Properties`
	* Select the `Use the following IP address:` radio button
	* Set the IP address to `192.168.33.30` and the subnet mask to `255.255.255.0`
1. Power the devices and connect them to the computer.
1. Verify that all 6 devices show up in the Device Manager and that there is no yellow icon on their symbols (if so, reinstall the FTDI drivers):
	* AR-DevPack-EVM-012
	* AR-DevPack-EVM-012
	* AR-DevPack-EVM-012
	* AR-DevPack-EVM-012
	* XDS110 Class Application/User UART
	* XDS110 Class Auxiliary Data Port
1. Launch mmWave Studio.
	* If an error occurs and mmWave Studio does not populate with multiple tabs (a lot of them), verify that you have all the requirements installed and that the devices are connected to the PC.
1. On the `Connection` tab in `RadarAPI`:
	* Verify that `No. of Devices Detected` is 1. If not, press the refresh icon and verify that the devices are connected.
	* Verify that `FTDI Connectivity Status` is `Connected`.
	* Connect to RS232:
		* In `RS232 Operations`, set the `COM Port` to the COM port for XDS110 Class Application/User UART
		* Click the `Set` button in the `Reset Control` section. Then click the `Connect` button in the `RS232 Operations` section.
	* Load the firmware:
		* Load the BSS firmware file by clicking the `...` button in the `Files` section. Locate the appropriate file (`xwr18xx_radarss.bin`) in the `C:/ti/mmwave_studio_<ver>/rf_eval_firmware/radarss/` directory.
		* Load the MSS firmware file by clicking the `...` button in the `Files` section. Locate the appropriate file (`xwr18xx_masterss.bin`) in the `C:/ti/mmwave_studio_<ver>/rf_eval_firmware/masterss/` directory.
		* Press the `Load` button for the BSS first, then press the `Load` button for the MSS first.
		* If successful, the `BSS firmware version` and then `MSS firmware version` fields should be populated.
	* Connect SPI by clicking on `SPI Connect`. If successful, the `SPI Connectivity Status` should change to `Connected`. If it fails to connect, you probably selected the wrong firmware
	* Power the RF subsystem by clicking the `RF Power-up` button.
1. On the `StaticConfig` tab:
	* Here, we can configure the RX/TX channels, the ADC, and the internal LDO. We don't need to touch the LDO.
	* We can activate all the RX and TX channels on this page.
	* We can set the ADC format and precision on this page.
	* Once done customizing the channel and ADC configuration, click the `Set` button at the bottom of the `Basic Configuration` section, underneath `ADC Config`.
	* Keep the LDO configuration default and click the `Set` button at the bottom of the `LP Mode` section.
	* Click the `RF Init` button to initialize the RF subsystem.
1. On the `DataConfig` tab:
	* Here we can configure the datapath, clock, and LVDS lanes. Data is always captured over 2 lanes, so there is not much configuration to be done here.
	* Click `Set` for `Data Path Configuration`.
	* Click `Set` for `Clock Configuration`.
	* Click `Set` for `LVDS Lane Configuration`.
1. On the `SensorConfig` tab:
	* Here we can define the chirp and frame parameters.
	* `Profile`:
		* Defines the RF parameters of the chirp.
		* Can define up to 4 profiles.
		* Once done configuring, click `Set` in the `Profile` section.
	* `Chirp`:
		* Allows us to customize each chirp and specify the sequence of the chirp (e.g., four chirps [0-3] for profile 0 and four chirps [4-7] for profile 1).
		* Once done configuring, click `Set` in the `Chirp` section.
	* `Frame`:
		* Allows us to specify which chirps will be used in a frame, the total number of frames, the number of chirp loops per frame, and the frame periodicity.
		* Frame periodicity affects the duty cycle and should be set based on how much time is needed between frames for processing.
		* Once done configuring, click `Set` in the `Frame` section.
	* Be sure to go in the correct order (`Profile` -> `Chirp` -> `Frame`).
	* Once done configuring all three (and having clicked `Set` for all of them in order), click the `SaveConfig` button on the far left.
	* Setting up the DCA1000EVM:
		* Verify that the `DCA1000` radio button is selected then click the `Set Up DCA1000` button.
		* When the window pops up, click on `Connect, Reset, and Configure`.
		* If completed successfully, the `FPGA Version` should be populated.
		* You can now close the window.
	* Trigger the frame:
		* Click `DCA1000 ARM`.
		* Click `Trigger Frame`.
		* The captured data is stored in a binary file.
		* To view the captured data, click the `PostProc` button. This will create a new binary file in the location specified by the `Dump File` input field below.
		* The `PostProc` button will open a MATLAB window that, by default, shows the 1D and 2D FFT output, time domain plot, and detection and angle estimation results.
		* You can use the drop-down menus to change the plots displayed.