Jun 12
	Problems Encountered
		* Measurements don't seem to be very accurate
			* Attempted to sense eraser at about 0.6m (~1 ft) and it seemed to be about 2 inches off in the measurement.
			* Also required the object to be 5-6 inches off the surface for it to register. 
	Steps taken
		* Followed mmWave SDK User Guide (https://software-dl.ti.com/ra-processors/esd/MMWAVE-SDK/latest/exports/mmwave_sdk_user_guide.pdf) for the following steps
		* Installed mmWave Studio (https://software-dl.ti.com/ra-processors/esd/MMWAVE-SDK/latest/index_FDS.html)
		* Installed CCS (https://www.ti.com/tool/download/CCSTUDIO)
		* Upgrading EVM flash image from factory default (mmWave SDK User Guide pp.36-37, section 4.2):
			* Remove power from the AWR1843BOOST
			* Set the EVM to flash programming mode by putting the SOP buttons to the following format:
				SOP2 ON
				SOP1 OFF
				SOP0 ON
			* Installed desktop version of UniFlash (web-based version is also availble) and followed UniFlash User Guide for mmWave Devices (https://processors.wiki.ti.com/images/f/f5/Mmwave_uniflash_user_guide_v1.0.pdf)
			* In UniFlash, select AWR1843BOOST (BoosterPack) under "New Configuration" section.
			* For Meta Image 1, select the demo file under the path /ti/mmwave_sdk_<ver>/packages/ti/demo/xwr18xx/mmw/xwr18xx_mmw_demo.bin. This contains the MSS, BSS (RADARSS), and DSS (as applicable) application combined together.
			* Power on the device. Check the system Device Manager and get the number for the serial port named "XDS110 Class Application/User UART".
			* In the UniFlash, navigate to the "Settings & Utilities" section and set the COM port to the number found in the previous section.
			* Go back to the "Program" section and select the "Load image" button. Wait until it completes.
			* Remove power from the device. Set the SOP switches back to functional mode:
				SOP2 OFF
				SOP1 OFF
				SOP0 ON
		* Open Chrome (recommended by TI for performance), go to the mmWave Demo Visualizer (https://dev.ti.com/mmWaveDemoVisualizer):
			* Select the menu option Options -> Serial Port. First install the browser extension TICloudAgent Bridge (https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ticloudagent-bridge/pfillhniocmjcapelhjcianojmoidjdk/related). Then, download and install the TI Cloud Agent Application. Finally, click Finish on the webpage. The page will reload.
			* Select the menu option Options -> Serial Port again. This time there will be dropdown boxes to select the ports.
			* For CFG_port, use COM port number for "XDS110 Class Application/User UART" with baud rate 115200. This is the port where CLI runs for all the demos.
			* For DATA_port, use COM port "XDS110 Class Auxiliary Data port" with baud rate 921600. This is the port on which binary data generated by the processing chain in the mmWave demo will be received by the PC. The data is the range, doppler, angle, etc. 
			* Click OK.
			* Bottom bar of window should show that the hardware is connected. 
			* Specify the configuration parameters (select platform xWR18xx) in the "Setup Details" section.
			* Specify which plots to view in the "Plot Selection" section.
			* Modify the other configuration options as desired.
			* Click "SEND CONFIG TO MMWAVE DEVICE" to load configuration parameters and start the demo. Console output should end with sensorStart command followed by "Done".
			* Go to "Plots" tab to view output.